README.md, before:

# Welcome to Semux!

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/semuxproject/semux.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/semuxproject/semux)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/y0kgfqch4u79er1k?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/semux/semux)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/semuxproject/semux/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/github/semuxproject/semux)

https://www.semux.org

## What is Semux

Semux is an experimental high-performance blockchain platform that powers decentralized application. It's written purely in Java and powered by delegated BFT consensus algorithm.

More info can be found at our [Wiki page](https://github.com/semuxproject/semux/wiki).

## Get started

1. Download and install [Java SE Runtime Environment 8](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jre8-downloads-2133155.html).
2. Download the [Latest Release](https://github.com/semuxproject/semux/releases) and unpack it to a desired directory.
3. Run ``semux.bat`` if you're on Windows; or run ``./semux.sh`` if you're on Linux or macOS. Be sure that your system date and time is properly synchronized. To run in command line mode, add ``--cli`` as a parameter.
4. *(Windows user) You may also need to install Microsoft Visual C++ 2010 Redistributable Package.*
    - [32-bit](http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=5555)
    - [64-bit](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=14632)

## Contribute

TODO

## Wallet Localization

[![Crowdin](https://d322cqt584bo4o.cloudfront.net/semux/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/semux)

If you want to add new language, review/update existing translation or help to finish specific translations, you can join and do that by following link:
https://crowdin.com/project/semux

## License

[The MIT License](./LICENSE)

Commit message:

Add build from source section

README.md, after:

# Welcome to Semux!

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/semuxproject/semux.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/semuxproject/semux)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/y0kgfqch4u79er1k?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/semux/semux)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/semuxproject/semux/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/github/semuxproject/semux)

https://www.semux.org

## What is Semux

Semux is an experimental high-performance blockchain platform that powers decentralized application. It's written purely in Java and powered by Semux BFT consensus algorithm.

More info can be found at our [Wiki page](https://github.com/semuxproject/semux/wiki).

## Get started

1. Download and install [Java SE Runtime Environment 8](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jre8-downloads-2133155.html).
2. Download the [Latest Release](https://github.com/semuxproject/semux/releases) and unpack it to a desired directory.
3. Run ``semux.bat`` if you're on Windows; or run ``./semux.sh`` if you're on Linux or macOS. Be sure that your system date and time is properly synchronized. To run in command line mode, add ``--cli`` as a parameter.
4. *(Windows user) You may also need to install Microsoft Visual C++ 2010 Redistributable Package.*
    - [32-bit](http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=5555)
    - [64-bit](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=14632)

## Build from source

Prerequisites:
* Java 8 or above
* Maven 3.5+

Build and run:
```
git clone https://github.com/semuxproject/semux
cd semux
mvn install

cd dist
./semux.sh
```

## Contribute

Anyone is welcome to contribute to this open source project in the form of peer review, testing and patches. Please see the [contributing](./github/contributing.md) guide for more details.

## Wallet Localization

[![Crowdin](https://d322cqt584bo4o.cloudfront.net/semux/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/semux)

If you want to add new language, review/update existing translation or help to finish specific translations, you can join and do that by following link:
https://crowdin.com/project/semux

## License

[The MIT License](./LICENSE)
